Black between the eyebrows
reserved face
The limbs are stiff and unable to move
Is this a deadly poison?
He's using hot spring water to suppress the concentration of toxins
But treating the symptoms rather than the root cause
Die in three days
You are poisoned
I insult your territory
Give you a glass of fairy water
How about you never met me?
I'm saving you.
Your poison is not easy to cure
If you hadn't met me, you would have died
What kind of water is this?
Foam in your mouth
Too late to vomit
But I do feel a lot more relaxed
No, I have to go
Otherwise, I won't be able to leave when the poison is completely solved
I can move!
Could it be that the so-called fairy water is real?
Subordinates should be damned
At a critical moment when the prince suppressed reading
The leader of Shanli let thieves break in
Your Highness, are you alright?
He just left
Poison scar on left face
Don't catch him
Find out who this woman is for this king
It was a woman who came in just now
Go soon yes
The king will definitely find
At that time